
PRIVACY POLICY 

User Provided Information

The Application does not require any user registration. The Application does not require the user to provide any personal information.

All details are only stored locally on your mobile device, within the Application private folder, following Android’s security best practices.

Automatically Collected Information

The Application does not collect any information automatically.

The Application does not share any information automatically with third parties.

    Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

The Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

    Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

Not applicable since the Application does not collect any information automatically.

    What are my opt-out rights?

You can easily delete all User Provided Data by uninstalling the Application from your mobile device. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information

This Application does not automatically collect, share nor retain any information. All Countdown details are only stored locally on your mobile device, within the Application private folder, following Android’s security best practices.

If you would like to update specific User Provided Data, you may do it directly within the Application, by editing or removing the Countdown(s) in question.

If you would like to delete User Provided Data, you may do it by clearing the application's data or by uninstalling the Application from your mobile device. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children

Our Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information stored locally on your mobile device.

Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches (e.g., a zero-day attack targeting mobile Operating System – OS).

In order to ensure an optimal security, you shall regularly install any Application’s update available from the mobile application marketplace.

We also advise you to regularly check for any Android OS update(s) that could be available and to enable automatic updates.
Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at https://timetocount.antoineauger.fr/privacy.html and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches (e.g., a zero-day attack targeting mobile Operating System – OS).

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Your Consent

By using the Application, you only consent to the local processing of your information.

At any time, no User Provided Data will be shared, processed and/or stored by third parties. User Provided Data cannot and will never be sold to any other third parties.
